Call for Artifact Evaluations


Updated: The Artifact Evaluation procedure for PPoPP 2016 has finished. The list of accepted artifacts can be found at http://ctuning.org/ae/artifacts.html

Authors of accepted papers will be invited to formally submit their supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on the papers themselves. Further information is available on the PPoPP AEC web page. Authors of accepted papers are encouraged (but not obliged) to make these materials publicly available upon publication of the proceedings, by including them as “source materials” in the ACM Digital Library.
Important dates
Paper decision: 10 Nov 2015
Artifact submission: 20 Nov 2015 AoE
Technical clarification: 14-20 Dec 2015
Decision announced: 22 Dec 2015
Public discussion: 14 March 2016
How to pack and submit
Please read the guidelines on what to submit. Please upload your submission to EasyChair (joint CGO/PPoPP submission).

Review process
The review process is described in detail here.

Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC)
Chairs:

Grigori Fursin, cTuning foundation, France
Bruce R. Childers, University of Pittsburgh, USA
Committee (joint with CGO'16):

See here
Discussions
We consider AE as a continuous learning curve. If you have questions or comments and suggestions on how to improve packaging and reviewing process, please get in touch!

Our presentation about Artifact Evaluation Experience at CGO/PPoPP'15 is available online here.

Chairs
Grigori Fursin, cTuning foundation, France
Bruce R. Childers, University of Pittsburgh, USA

Committee
Maya Arbel
Stavros Aronis
Gergo Barany
David Beckingsale
Kumud Bhandari
Santiago Bock
Jeffrey Bosboom
Trevor Brown
Man Cao
Prasanth Chatarasi
Bapi Chatterjee
Weiwei Chen
Natacha Crooks
Pantazis Deligiannis
Ankush Desai
Monika Dhok
Emilio Francesquini
Todd Gamblin
Matthew Halpern
Rashid Kaleem
Svilen Kanev
Michael Laurenzano
Jingwen Leng
Lingda Li
Peter Libic
Lin Ma
Na Meng
Karthik Murthy
Yiannis Nikolakopulos
Sreepathi Pai
HyukWoo Park
Jeeva Paudel
Malavika Samak
Aritra Sengupta
KC Sivaramakrishnan
Steven Smith
Yulei Sui
Rishi Surendran
Paul Thomson
Vasileios Trigonakis
Wei Wang
Zhe Wang
Shasha Wen
David Wilkinson
Ennan Zhai
Xiaowei Zhu
Yuhao Zhu
