https://ctuning.org/ae/ppopp2017.html

PPoPP 2017 Artifact Evaluation
About
Call for Artifact Evaluations
Call for Artifact Evaluations
Authors of accepted papers will be invited to formally submit their supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This submission is voluntary and will not influence the final decision regarding the papers. Papers that go through the Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on the papers themselves. Further information is available on the PPoPP AEC web page. Authors of accepted papers are encouraged (but not obliged) to make these materials publicly available upon publication of the proceedings, by including them as “source materials” in the ACM Digital Library.

Important dates
Paper decision: 12 Nov 2016
Artifact submission: 20 Nov 2016 AoE
Technical clarification: 5-10 Dec 2016
Decision announced: 13 Dec 2016
Public discussion: 6 Feb 2017
How to pack and submit
Please read the guidelines on what to submit. Please upload your submission to EasyChair (joint CGO/PPoPP submission).

Review process
The review process is described in detail here.

Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC)
Chairs:

Wonsun Ahn (PPoPP Chair), University of Pittsburgh, USA
Joe Devietti (CGO Chair), University of Pennsylvania, USA
Committee (joint with CGO'17):

See here
Discussions
We consider AE as a continuous learning curve. If you have questions or comments and suggestions on how to improve packaging and reviewing process, please get in touch!

Our presentation about Artifact Evaluation Experience at CGO/PPoPP'15 is available online here.

Chairs
Wonsun Ahn (PPoPP Chair), University of Pittsburgh, USA
Joe Devietti (CGO Chair), University of Pennsylvania, USA

Committee
Raghesh Aloor
Tariq Alturkestani
Gergo Barany
Tal Ben-Nun
Man Cao
Prasanth Chatarasi
Guoyang Chen
Tiago Cogumbreiro
Wenzhi Cui
Grigori Fursin
Anshuman Goswami
Johann Hauswald
Shiyou Huang
Yihe Huang
Joseph Izraelevitz
Gangwon Jo
Rashid Kaleem
Yuriy Kashnikov
Sanidhya Kashyap
Martin Kong
Qingrui Liu
Anton Lokhmotov
Karthik Murthy
Abdulqawi Saif
Malavika Samak
Aritra Sengupta
Isaac Sheff
Jyothish Soman
Michel Steuwer
Yulei Sui
Lili Sun
Rishi Surendran
Adilla Susungi
Thiago S. F. X. Teixeira
Robert Utterback
Shasha Wen
Qiuping Yi
Adarsh Yoga
Faisal Zaghloul
Chi Zhang
