Call for Submissions
ICSE’20 Artifact Track: Call for Submissions
Authors of papers accepted to the 2020 Technical/SEIP/NIER/SEET/SEIS Track are invited to submit artifacts associated with those papers to the ICSE Artifact Track for evaluation as candidate reusable, available, replicated or reproduced artifacts. If those artifact(s) are accepted, they will each receive one (and only one) of the badges below on the front page of the authors’ paper and in the proceedings.

Authors of any prior SE work (published at ICSE or elsewhere) are invited to submit an artifact to the ICSE Artifact Track for evaluation as a candidate replicated or reproduced artifact. If the artifact is accepted:

Authors will be invited to give lightning talks on this work at ICSE’20
We will do our best to work with the IEEE Xplore and ACM Portal administrator to add badges to the electronic versions of the authors’ paper(s).
Functional	Reusable	Available	Replicated	Reproduced
No Badge




Artifacts documented, consistent, complete, exercisable, and include appropriate evidence of verification and validation	Functional + very carefully documented and well-structured to the extent that reuse and repurposing is facilitated. In particular, norms and standards of the research community for artifacts of this type are strictly adhered to.	Functional + placed on a publicly accessible archival repository. A DOI or link to this repository along with a unique identifier for the object is provided.	Available + main results of the paper have been obtained in a subsequent study by a person or team other than the authors, using, in part, artifacts provided by the author.	Available + the main results of the paper have been independently obtained in a subsequent study by a person or team other than the authors, without the use of author-supplied artifacts.
Papers with such badges contain reusable products that other researchers can use to bootstrap their own research. Experience shows that such papers earn increased citations and greater prestige in the research community. Artifacts of interest include (but are not limited to) the following.

Software, which are implementations of systems or algorithms potentially useful in other studies.

Data repositories, which are data (e.g., logging data, system traces, survey raw data) that can be used for multiple software engineering approaches.

Frameworks, which are tools and services illustrating new approaches to software engineering that could be used by other researchers in different contexts.

This list is not exhaustive, so the authors are asked to email the chairs before submitting if their proposed artifact is not on this list.

Evaluation Criteria
The ICSE artifact evaluation track uses a single-blind review process. Artifacts will be evaluated using the criteria in the last row of the above table.

Review will be via Github. All submitting authors must supply a valid Github id that identifies themselves.

The goal of this track is to encourage reusable research products. Hence, no functional badges will be awarded.

Best Artifact Awards
There will be two ICSE 2020 Best Artifact Awards to recognize the effort of authors creating and sharing outstanding research artifacts.

Submission and Review
IMPORTANT NOTE: different badges have different submission procedures. See below.

Note that all submissions, reviewing, and notifications for this track will be via the Github repository http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse.

There will be no emails notifying authors, acknowledging a submission, or informing authors of the results of the review process.
Instead, submitters can track the progress of their work by tracking its activity in the repo
Submitting anything to this track will mean
Creating a GitHub account with your public name
Forking the master branch of our repo http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse into your own local branch
Creating a subdirectory one per submission, underneath one of the directories
http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/reusable,
http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/available,
http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/replicated,
http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/reproduced
Then adding file(s) to that directory,
Then committing that branch,
Then submitting a pull request back to master.
All reviewing will be done in Github.
Each submission will be processed in its own issue.
Authors will be notified of final decisions when the track chairs add labels to the submission’s issue.
For Replicated and Reproduced Badges
For “replicated” and “reproduced” badges, authors will need to offer appropriate documentation that their artifacts have reached that stage.

By January 27, 2020, create a subdirectory under the directories http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/replicated, http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/reproduced (perhaps followed by a unique number if the same author is submitting multiple artifacts; e,g, menzies1, menzies2) and add a one page (max) abstract in PDF format:

TITLE: A (Partial)? (Replication|Reproduction) of XYZ. Please add the term partial to your title if only some of the original work could be replicated/reproduced.
WHO: name the original authors (and paper) and the authors that performed the replication/reproduction. Include contact information (emails) and github ids. Mark one author as the corresponding author.
IMPORTANT: include also a web link to a publically avaialble URL directory containing (a)the original paper (that is being reproduced) and (b)any subsequent paper(s)/documents/reports that do the reproduction.
IMPORTANT: include also a web link to a publically avaialble URL directory containing (a)the original paper (that is being reproduced) and (b)any subsequent paper(s)/documents/reports that do the reproduction.
WHAT: describe the “thing” being replicated/reproduced;
WHY: clearly state why that “thing” is interesting/important;
HOW: say how it was done first;
WHERE: describe the replication/reproduction. If the replication/reproduction was only partial, then explain what parts could be achieved or had to be missed.
DISCUSSION: What aspects of this “thing” made it easier/harder to replicate/reproduce. What are the lessons learned from this work that would enable more replication/reproduction in the future for other kinds of tasks or other kinds of research.
Two PC members will review each abstract, possibly reaching out to the authors of the abstract or original paper. Abstracts will be ranked as follows.

If PC members do not find sufficient substantive evidence for replication/reproduction, the abstract will be rejected.
Any abstract that is judged to be unncessarily critical of prior work will be rejected (*).
The remaining abstracts will be sorted according to (a) interestingness and (b) correctness.
The top ranked abstracts will be invited to give lightning talks.
(*) Our goal is to foster a positive environment that supports and rewards researchers for conducting replications and reproductions. To that end, we require that all abstracts and presentations pay due respect to the work they are reproducing/replicating. Criticism of prior work is acceptable only as part of a balanced and substantive discussion of prior accomplishments.

For Reusable and Available Badges
Only authors of papers accepted to the 2020 Technical/SEIP/NIER/SEET/SEIS Track can submit candidate reusable or available artifacts.

Create a subdirectory under the directories http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/available, http://github.com/researchart/rose6icse/submissions/reusable (perhaps followed by a unique number if the same author is submitting multiple artifacts; e,g, menzies1, menzies2).

For the reusable and available badges, authors must offer “download information” showing how reviewers can access and execute (if appropriate) their artifact.

Authors must perform the following steps to submit an artifact:

Prepare the artifact
Make the artifact available
Document the artifact
Submit the artifact
Authors need to write and submit documentation explaining how to obtain the artifact package, how to unpack the artifact, how to get started, and how to use the artifacts in sufficient detail. The artifact submission must describe only the technicalities of the artifacts and uses of the artifact that are not already described in the paper. The submission should contain the following documents (in markdown plain text format):

A CONTACT.md file listing emails and github ids (important) for the authors. Please mark one author as the corresponding author.
A README.md main file describing what the artifact does and where it can be obtained (with hidden links and access password if necessary). Also, there should be a clear description of how to reproduce the results presented in the paper.
A STATUS.md file stating what kind of badge(s) the authors are applying for as well as the reasons why the authors believe that the artifact deserves that badge(s).
A LICENSE.md file describing the distribution rights. Note that to score “available” or higher, then that license needs to be some form of open source license.
An INSTALL.md file with installation instructions. These instructions should include notes illustrating a very basic usage example or a method to test the installation. This could be, for instance, information on what output to expect that confirms that the code is installed and working; and that the code is doing something interesting and useful.
A copy of the accepted paper in pdf format.
For reusable and available badges, the review process will be interactive as follows:

Prior to reviewing, there may be some interactions to handle set up and install. Before the actual evaluation reviewers will check the integrity of the artifact and look for any possible setup problems that may prevent it from being properly evaluated (e.g., corrupted or missing files, VM won’t start, immediate crashes on the simplest example, etc.). The Evaluation Committee may contact the authors to request clarifications on the basic installation and start-up procedures or to resolve simple installation problems.
Reviewing will be on Github with reviewers commenting via anonymous Github ids. Authors should not comment until at least two reviewers have added comments. Earlier author comments will be deleted.
Authors are informed of the outcome and, in case of technical problems, they can help solve them during a brief 48-hour author response period. Authors may update their research artifacts after submission only for changes requested by reviewers in the rebuttal phase.
IMPORTANT DATES
Jan27: Submission deadline
Feb01: Review period (*)
Feb20: Rebuttal period ends.
Feb24: Notifications
Feb25: Send list of artifacts badges to web chairs and proceeding chairs

(*) : For the available and reusable badges, reviewing will be on Github with reviewers commenting via anonymous Github ids. Authors should not comment until at least two reviewers have added comments. Earlier author comments will be deleted.


Jan27: Submission deadline
Feb01: Review period (*)
Feb20: Rebuttal period ends.
Feb24: Notifications
Feb25: Send list of artifacts badges to web chairs and proceeding chairs

(*) : For the available and reusable badges, reviewing will be on Github with reviewers commenting via anonymous Github ids. Authors should not comment until at least two reviewers have added comments. Earlier author comments will be deleted.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)
Mon 24 Feb 2020
Notifications
Thu 20 Feb 2020
Rebuttal period ends
Sat 1 Feb 2020
Review period
Mon 27 Jan 2020
Submission deadline
Submission Link
 https://conf.researchr.org/track/icse-2020/icse-2020-Artifact-Evaluation#submission-and-review
Program Committees
Tim Menzies
Tim MenziesCo-chair
North Carolina State University
United States
Leandro Minku
Leandro MinkuCo-chair
University of Birmingham, UK
Silvia Abrahão
Silvia AbrahãoProgramme Committee
Universitat Politècnica de València
Spain
Hamid Bagheri
Hamid BagheriCommittee Member
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA
Marcio Barros
Marcio BarrosProgramme Committee
UNIRIO
Brazil
Tanmay Bhowmik
Tanmay BhowmikCommittee Member
Mississippi State University
Kelly Blincoe
Kelly BlincoeProgramme Committee
University of Auckland
New Zealand
George Cabral
George CabralCommittee Member
Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco
Brazil
Tao Chen
Tao ChenCommittee Member
Loughborough University
United Kingdom
Xuan Bach D. Le
Xuan Bach D. LeProgramme Committee
The University of Melbourne
Australia
Daniel Alencar Da Costa
Daniel Alencar Da CostaProgramme Committee
Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario
Canada
Giuseppe Destefanis
Giuseppe DestefanisCommittee Member
Neil Ernst
Neil ErnstCommittee Member
University of Victoria
Canada
Antonio Filieri
Antonio FilieriCommittee Member
Imperial College London
United Kingdom
Regina Hebig
Regina HebigProgramme Committee
Chalmers University of Technology & University of Gothenburg
Sweden
Jennifer Horkoff
Jennifer HorkoffCommittee Member
Chalmers and the University of Gothenburg
Sweden
Yasutaka Kamei
Yasutaka KameiProgramme Committee
Kyushu University
Japan
Eric Knauss
Eric KnaussCommittee Member
Chalmers University of Technology and University of Gothenbrug
Sweden
Anne Koziolek
Anne KoziolekProgramme Committee
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
Germany
Rahul Krishna
Rahul KrishnaProgramme Committee
Columbia University, New York
Yepang Liu
Yepang LiuProgramme Committee
Southern University of Science and Technology
Daniel Mendez
Daniel MendezCommittee Member
Blekinge Institute of Technology
Sweden
Martin Monperrus
Martin MonperrusCommittee Member
KTH Royal Institute of Technology
Sweden
Lloyd Montgomery
Lloyd MontgomeryCommittee Member
Universität Hamburg
Germany
Maria Teresa Baldassarre
Maria Teresa BaldassarreCommittee Member
Department of Computer Science, University of Bari
Italy
Sira Vegas
Sira VegasCommittee Member
Universidad Politecnica de Madrid
Spain
Andreas Vogelsang
Andreas VogelsangCommittee Member
TU Berlin
Germany
Shuai Wang
Shuai WangCommittee Member
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
Hironori Washizaki
Hironori WashizakiCommittee Member
Waseda University
Japan
Hongyu Zhang
Hongyu ZhangProgramme Committee
University of Newcastle, Australia
Australia
Tianyi Zhang
Tianyi ZhangProgramme Committee
Harvard University
United States
