Artifacts:

Traditionally, technical research papers are published without including any artifacts (such as tools, data, models, videos, etc.), even though the artifacts may serve as crucial and detailed evidence for the quality of the results that the associated paper offers. Following the effort initiated at ESEC/FSE’11, authors of accepted technical papers at VISSOFT 2020 can have their artifacts evaluated by the program committee. Positively evaluated artifacts will be reflected in the paper publication and be formally announced during the conference.

The artifacts of interest (but not limited to) are listed below, if your proposed artifact is not on this list, please email the chairs before submitting.

Software systems (compiled applications and/or source code) that are available for end users and researchers who aim at replicating a study.
Repositories that contain data involved in a study (e.g., logging data, system traces, survey raw data, evaluation results), which are needed to replicate a study.
Given the short time between the acceptance notification and the deadline to submit the artifact, we suggest the authors to start preparing it beforehand.

Finally, for more information about the artifact evaluation process visit http://www.artifact-eval.org.

Important Dates:
Artifact Submission: August 2, 2020

Submission link: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=vissoft2020

The artifacts (e.g., systems, data sets, tutorials) are going to be evaluated according to the following points: Completeness, consistency, documented, clarity, availability (placed on a publicly accessible archival repository. A DOI or link to this repository along with a unique identifier for the object is provided).

Data sets: Completeness, consistency, documented
Tutorials: Consistency, clarity
Systems: Functional (artifacts documented, consistent, complete, executable, and include evidence of verification and validation)

Artifact Evaluation Co-Chairs
Juan Pablo Sandoval Alcocer
Juan Pablo Sandoval Alcocer
Universidad Católica Boliviana - "San Pablo", Cochabamba,
BoliviaDirk Zeckzer
Dirk Zeckzer
Leipzig University
Germany

Program Committee - Artifact Evaluation Track
Alejandra Siles
Universidad Católica Boliviana - "San Pablo", Cochabamba,
Bolivia
Alison Fernandez Blanco
University of Chile,
Chile
Diego Costa
Concordia University Montreal,
Canada
Fabio Petrillo
Universite du Quebec a Chicoutimi,
Canada
Rina Nakazawa
IBM,
Japan
Tarner Hagen
University of Duisburg-Essen,
Germany
