http://www.staticanalysis.org/sas2014/index.html#artifactSubmission

Artifact Submission
As last year, we are encouraging authors to submit a virtual machine image containing any artifacts and evaluations presented in the paper. The goal of the artifact submissions is to strengthen our field's scientific approach to evaluations and reproducibility of results. The virtual machine images accompanying accepted papers will be archived on the permanent Static Analysis Symposium website to provide a record of past experiments and tools, allowing future research to better evaluate and contrast existing work.
Artifact submission is optional. We accept only virtual machine images that can be processed with Virtual Box. Details on what to submit and how will be sent to the corresponding authors by mail shortly after the paper submission deadline.

The submitted artifacts will be used by the program committee as a secondary evaluation criteria whose sole purpose is to find additional positive arguments for the paper's acceptance. Submissions without artifacts are welcome and will not be penalized.

Artifacts
With agreement of the authors, most of the virtual machine images that accompanied accepted papers are made available.

WARNING! This is NOT a sole artifact evaluation committee.

Committees
Program Chairs
Markus Müller-Olm, Universität Münster, Germany
Helmut Seidl, TU Munich, Germany
Program Committee
Ahmed Bouajjani, LIAFA, University Paris Diderot, France
Michele Bugliesi, Università Ca' Foscari, Italy
Johannes Kinder, Royal Holloway, University of London, UK
Andy King, University of Kent, UK
Laura Kovacs, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden
Viktor Kuncak, EPFL Lausanne, Switzerland
Francesco Logozzo, Microsoft Research, USA
Isabella Mastroeni, Università degli Studi di Verona, Italy
Anders Møller, Aarhus University, Denmark
Alan Mycroft, Cambridge University, UK
Aditya Nori, Microsoft Research, India
Madhusudan Parthasarathy, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
Sylvie Putot, CEA, LIST & École Polytechnique, Palaiseau, France
Xavier Rival, INRIA Paris-Rocquencourt, France
Sriram Sankaranarayanan, University of Colorado, Boulder, USA
Vijay D'Silva , University of California, Berkeley, USA
Gregor Snelting, KIT, Karlsruhe, Germany
Eran Yahav, Technion, Haifa, Israel
